README.md, before:

![CI logo](https://codeinstitute.s3.amazonaws.com/fullstack/ci_logo_small.png)

<h1 align='center'>Meta Human Hub</h1>

[View the live project here.](projecturl)

This is the main marketing blog for Meta Human Hub. It is designed to be a platform for the site owner to display posts and advertise their skills online. It has user interaction on posts so that comments can be made by the user to talk about the fitness tip posts or request a future fitness tip. It also has a booking and enquiry section for users to arrange sessions with the trainer. 

<h2 align='center'><img src="responsive image"></h2>

## User Experience (UX)

### User Stories
#### 1. As a user, I would like to be able to...

- 1.1 View the about me page so that I understand what the blog is about.
- 1.2 View a list of posts so I can select one to view.
- 1.3 Click on a post so I can see the full content within it.
- 1.4 Register an account so that I can comment on posts and leave reviews.
- 1.5 Book a session so that I can schedule a time slot with the trainer.
- 1.6 View comments on an individual post so that I can read the conversation.
- 1.7 Comment on post so I can be involved in the conversation.

#### 2. As site admin, I would like to be able to...

- 2.1 Create, read, update and delet posts so that I can manage my blog content.
- 2.2 Create draft posts so that I can finish making the content later.
- 2.3 Approve of disapprove comments so that I can filter out the objectionable comments.
- 2.4 Confirm a booking slot so that I can manage my schedule.
- 2.5 Comment on posts so I can be Involved in the conversation. 
- 2.6 View comments on an individual post so I can read the conversation.

### Strategy
### Project Goals

Create a platform that allows the Trainer (admin) to advertise their skills to people (users) allowing them to view the Trainers content on fitness tips, success stories and history of the Trainer. Also allow the Trainer to interact with the users to gain potential clients. 

### Scope

- A simple, straightforward, intuitive UX experience;
- An explicit content;
- An easy navigation for the user through all the features;
- A site that is visually appealing on most devices.

## Functional Scope
Meta Human Hub Flowchart

<img src="flow chart">

## Structure

- A clear and straightforward layout is in place to ensure users can navigate intuitively and have a leisurely experience.
- Navbar is fixed on top to facilitate users to navigate through pages easily. Small navigation is the same on all pages to ensure easy navigation.
- Comments are straightforward forms to allow the users to use the feature without issues. 
- Easy to find social media links to allow the user to find out more about the Trainer. 

## Skeleton

Wireframes

## Surface
### Colours
The colour scheme was selected by the trainer as part of his branding.
Colour was found using [HTML Colors from Image](https://html-color-codes.info/colors-from-image/)

### Font
Two complimentary fonts were chosen with [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)

The chosen fonts were "" for Headings and navbar and "" for comments and paragraphs.

## Existing Features

## Future Features

## Languages Used
- Python 3.0

## Frameworks, Libraries and Programs Used
- Balsamiq: Balsamiq was used to create the wireframes during the design process.
- Font Awesome: Font Awesome was used on all pages to add icons for aesthetic and UX purposes.
- Git: Git was used for version control by utilizing the Gitpod terminal to commit to Git and Push to GitHub.
- GitHub: GitHub is used to store the project's code after being pushed from Git.
- Google Fonts: Google fonts are used to add fonts for aesthetic and UX purposes.
- Django: Framework used to add structure to the platform.
- Summernote: A WYSIWYG editor for posts.
- Cloudinary: Used to manage to images and videos for the posts. 

## Testing

## Project Bugs and Solutions

## Deployment

# Credits

## Media
- All media used by this site is owned by Alex Green as part of his branding for [Meta Human Hub](https://www.instagram.com/metahumanfitness92/)

## Work based on other code
- Some code taken from Code Institue [I think before I blog](https://learn.codeinstitute.net/courses/course-v1:CodeInstitute+FST101+2021_T1/courseware/b31493372e764469823578613d11036b/fe4299adcd6743328183aab4e7ec5d13/) code along project.
- Testing assitance used from YouTube channel [The Dumbfounds](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC33uwXXDrI5TxG4IXnjS28g).

## Acknowledgements
- Special thank you to go out to Narender Singh whos patience, understanding and explaining helped me finish this project. 
- Thank you to Scott(with the Killua avatar) one of the Code Insititue tutors who always seemed to come to my aid when asking for tutor assistance. 
- Thank you to my Wife Heather who has let me get away with doing no house work what so ever to help complete this project.

Commit message:

changes to css of home page

README.md, after:

![CI logo](https://codeinstitute.s3.amazonaws.com/fullstack/ci_logo_small.png)

<h1 align='center'>Meta Human Hub</h1>

[View the live project here.](projecturl)

This is the main marketing blog for Meta Human Hub. It is designed to be a platform for the site owner to display posts and advertise their skills online. It has user interaction on posts so that comments can be made by the user to talk about the fitness tip posts or request a future fitness tip. It also has a booking and enquiry section for users to arrange sessions with the trainer. 

<h2 align='center'><img src="responsive image"></h2>

## User Experience (UX)

### User Stories
#### 1. As a user, I would like to be able to...

- 1.1 View the about me page so that I understand what the blog is about.
- 1.2 View a list of posts so I can select one to view.
- 1.3 Click on a post so I can see the full content within it.
- 1.4 Register an account so that I can comment on posts and leave reviews.
- 1.5 View comments on an individual post so that I can read the conversation.
- 1.6 Comment on post so I can be involved in the conversation.

#### 2. As site admin, I would like to be able to...

- 2.1 Create, read, update and delet posts so that I can manage my blog content.
- 2.2 Create draft posts so that I can finish making the content later.
- 2.3 Approve of disapprove comments so that I can filter out the objectionable comments.
- 2.4 Comment on posts so I can be Involved in the conversation. 
- 2.5 View comments on an individual post so I can read the conversation.

### Strategy
### Project Goals

Create a platform that allows the Trainer (admin) to advertise their skills to people (users) allowing them to view the Trainers content on fitness tips, success stories and history of the Trainer. Also allow the Trainer to interact with the users to gain potential clients. 

### Scope

- A simple, straightforward, intuitive UX experience;
- An explicit content;
- An easy navigation for the user through all the features;
- A site that is visually appealing on most devices.

## Functional Scope
### Meta Human Hub Flowchart

<p align="center" width="100%">
    <img width="33%" src="media/Meta-Human-hub.jpeg">
</p>


### Entitiy Relationship Diagram 

<p align="center" width="100%">
    <img width="33%" src="media/entity-relationship-diagram.jpg">
</p>

## Structure

- A clear and straightforward layout is in place to ensure users can navigate intuitively and have a leisurely experience.
- Navbar is fixed on top to facilitate users to navigate through pages easily. Small navigation is the same on all pages to ensure easy navigation.
- Comments are straightforward forms to allow the users to use the feature without issues. 
- Easy to find social media links to allow the user to find out more about the Trainer. 

## Skeleton

Wireframes

## Surface
### Colours
The colours used were selected by the Trainer Alex Green as part of his branding image.

<img src="media/colour.JPG"> <img src="media/colour2.JPG">

Colour was found using [HTML Colors Codes](https://html-color-codes.info/colors-from-image/). To take the colour from the banner used on the Home page. 

### Font
Two complimentary fonts were chosen with [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)

The chosen fonts were Roboto for Headings and navbar and Lato for comments and paragraphs.

<img src="media/roboto.JPG"> <img src="media/lato.JPG">

## Existing Features

## Future Features

## Languages Used
- Python 3.0

## Frameworks, Libraries and Programs Used
- Balsamiq: Balsamiq was used to create the wireframes during the design process.
- Font Awesome: Font Awesome was used on all pages to add icons for aesthetic and UX purposes.
- Git: Git was used for version control by utilizing the Gitpod terminal to commit to Git and Push to GitHub.
- GitHub: GitHub is used to store the project's code after being pushed from Git.
- Google Fonts: Google fonts are used to add fonts for aesthetic and UX purposes.
- Django: Framework used to add structure to the platform.
- Summernote: A WYSIWYG editor for posts.
- Cloudinary: Used to manage to images and videos for the posts. 

## Testing

## Project Bugs and Solutions

## Deployment

# Credits

## Media
- All media used by this site is owned by Alex Green as part of his branding for [Meta Human Hub](https://www.instagram.com/metahumanfitness92/)

## Work based on other code
- Some code taken from Code Institue [I think before I blog](https://learn.codeinstitute.net/courses/course-v1:CodeInstitute+FST101+2021_T1/courseware/b31493372e764469823578613d11036b/fe4299adcd6743328183aab4e7ec5d13/) code along project.
- Testing assitance used from YouTube channel [The Dumbfounds](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC33uwXXDrI5TxG4IXnjS28g).

## Acknowledgements
- Special thank you to go out to Narender Singh whos patience, understanding and explaining helped me finish this project. 
- Thank you to Scott(with the Killua avatar) one of the Code Insititue tutors who always seemed to come to my aid when asking for tutor assistance. 
- Thank you to my Wife Heather who has let me get away with doing no house work what so ever to help complete this project.
